work with them. That's I harmonizing with
their energy. All right? Not cranking on
their body. That's not really what
iikido is about. Doesn't matter. So,
let's go back to our freestyle practice.
and see if we can listen to them
at a subtler level. Listening to
the whole system. Don't get lost in in this
stuff. Once more, please. The whole system.
And
if you do find that whatever happening, we
all make mistakes, but just at that point,
listen. And listening to the whole system
at a subtler level. Thank you. Please.
Now, when we started in the more static form,
we did that because it's a little more tangible.
And when you're wrong, it becomes more obvious
and you can start to look for a more blending,
listening, fluid, harmonious, I key kind of
movement. All right. You should be in a place
that's comfortable for you as you work with them
because if you start to get bent out of shape,
Mr. Hyde comes out. And uh besides that, you
just don't enjoy yourself as much as when you're
having fun pretending like
you enjoy it. Okay, Chiaza.